Support multiple paths `ContentScopeProvider` by default (#3452)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/rotten-pandas-lie.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> Create multiple Routes based on unique key combinations in of the ContentScope Objects, to enable custom content Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support multiple paths `ContentScopeProvider` by default

Change the default implementation of `location.createPath` to create multiple paths based on the content scope shapes.
```

Author: changed the description to your suggestion 👍
